docs: Add documentation on spine rhythm (#80)
AnyBody/AMMR4-Beta: Docs/body/spine-rhythm.md

# Spine rhythm

The spine rhythm is a set of drivers which can be used to reduces the degrees of
fredom of the spine and makes the spine model easier to use without the need to
specify how every vertebra should move.

> The spine rhythms is also a set of coefficients which speficies how the spine

Author: ```suggestion
The spine rhythms consists of a set of coefficients which specifies how the spine
```

[`RhythmDriverLinear`](Rhythms.Linear.SimpleRhythms.RhythmDriverLinear) and
[`RhythmDriverBiLinear`](Rhythms.Linear.SimpleRhythms.RhythmDriverLinear.DocsValidationTarget)
which can be used to create
linear and rhythms with different coefficients for the positive and negative
direction.

Here is an example of simple linear rhythm between two joints:

```AnyScriptDoc
RhythmDriverLinear Rhythm = {
   RhythmCoefficients = {0.2, 0.8};
   Measures.Input = {
       AnyJoint& ref1 = Main.HumanModel.BodyModel.Interface.Arm.Right.ShoulderElevation;
       AnyJoint& ref2 = Main.HumanModel.BodyModel.Interface.Arm.Right.GHElevation;
   };
 };
```

In the example the rhythm constrains two DOFs of the arm to move in a 1:4 ratio.
The use of `RhythmDriverBiLinear` is quite similar, and the use of both class
templates are [documented here](Rhythms.Linear.SimpleRhythms.any).

The class templates encapsulate the complex rhythm implementation which uses
classes `AnyKinFunComb` and `AnyKinMeasureFunComb1` to combine and transform
kinematic measures into a single kinematic measure. It is easy to see the
underlying code by right-clicking the class template in the AnyScript editor and

> select `Go to definition`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
selecting `Go to definition`.
```

In the model the spine rhythm is comprised of many different rhythms which are
linked together with other rhythms. This is done so rhythms can be activated as needed
depending on what data is available for driving model. 

:::{figure-md} 

![spine-rhythm-coefficients](_static/rhythm-overview.png)

The figure shows how the different rhythms are linked together. The `SpineRhythmDrvFlexion` is the main driver of the
flexion rhythm for the lumbar spine.

:::

## Spine rhythm coefficients

The rhythm coefficients were derived from a review of spine literature. The
values for spine and vertebra range-of-motion vary significantly in published
studies, and no single complete dataset was found. Consequently, the rhythm

> presented here is a composite, designed to provide the most consistent and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
presented here is a composite set, designed to provide the most consistent and
```
